26/08/2025
Ref: 831695 / 5459241 / Sainsbury's Supermarkets
Dear Paul,
Re: Invite to investigation meeting
I would like to meet with you to investigate gross misconduct allegations made against you of :
actions not in line with our valued behaviours, in particular "be human" - walking in the shoes of our colleagues and customers.
Namely, failing to pick 30 items ordered by our customers on 23/08/25.
Also "inappropriate behaviour" - not showing care and respect for everyone (also under the "be human" value) namely signs of aggression with tone and wording, including calling a manager pathetic on 17/08/25.
The details of the meeting are as follows:
Date and time: 29/08/2025 at 04:00
Location:
meeting room
I will chair the meeting and there will be a note taker present to capture our discussion. An investigation is to consider whether a formal disciplinary meeting is required.
You may choose to have someone with you to support you during this hearing, either a work colleague or a Trade Union representative
If you would like someone with you, you should arrange this yourself. I would encourage you to share and discuss all relevant information and documents with them before the meeting.
Should they not be able to attend, we can postpone the meeting by up to three working days after the original date. If they are still not available, then we would ask you to choose someone else to support you.
You should be aware that meetings may go ahead in your absence where you do not attend without notification, without good reason or are persistently unable to attend. In this case a decision will be made based on the information available.
Please can you confirm your attendance directly to me via e-mail.
You can find further information about the process on OurSainsburys.co.uk.
Is a reminder, if this matter is impacting your personal wellbeing and you require independent and confidential advice or support, You can find information by searching Wellbeing on Our Sainsburys. Here you can find a number of support materials including
In the meantime, if you do have any concerns, questions or adjustments required for the meeting, please don’t hesitate to contact me.

Your sincerely
Deborah Stamps
0753 Lead Customer Experience Manager

