Email

Dear Thomas,
I understand that you may be dealing with the process regarding Paul who is employed at your Swadlincote store. I am Paul’s dad and I asked him if there was a contact and email address I could send to directly and he passed on your details. I hope that is ok.
I understand there is a meeting tomorrow and I would ask that you read my statement below and use it as mitigation in that meeting. I would also ask that it be borne in mind tomorrow that Paul’s motivation throughout was to resolve an issue of food health and hygiene. The secondary effect of this on his work and his health is regrettable but was also completely avoidable had the initial issue been dealt with properly. 
As a retired headteacher and government officer I know how difficult these situations are. 
I hope that this can all be taken into consideration tomorrow.

With thanks
Marc Boucherat

Statement 

Statement supporting Paul Boucherat

I would like to strongly state my support for Paul in the case and points he is making to his employer, Sainsbury’s (Swadlincote), and to emphasise the considerable stress this protracted process is now having on him, his family and his relationships.

Firstly, as his father I am fully aware of the situation and its impact. Paul first spoke to me of his concerns in January (2025), and shared his photos regarding the unhygienic packaging and storage of fresh meat at the store and his discomfort with picking and handling it. From the outset he tried to work with his employer to resolve this but only partial changes were made.

The fact that this has been dealt with so poorly, with store cleanliness, health and hygiene not being fully addressed for more than six months, has had a secondary impact on Paul’s mental health. In addition it now seems that his employer has turned these legitimate concerns back on him and now seeks to apportion blame. To me this seems vindictive and constructive, because his concerns focussed on the health and safety of him, his fellow employees AND customers. This could and should have been properly and quickly resolved months ago.

The second aspect of this is Sainsbury’s responsibility and duty of care to Paul as his employer, particularly as there have been no previous warnings to Paul prior to him bringing the food hygiene situation up. His previous employment and student records are also unblemished.

Paul has specific needs and is neuro-divergant. He was diagnosed with dyslexia in his teens and last year with ADHD with elements of ASD. Previously this has had little impact on his ability to study or work. His record shows this. This year is the first time he has ever had to take time off due to work related stress, and it completely coincides with this hygiene situation. It has been hugely triggering.

I must also refer to the trauma in Paul’s recent life which has also added to his stress and has not been addressed in Sainsbury’s duty of care to him as his employer. Ten years ago (2015) he lost his mother, my first wife, suddenly because of a tragic road traffic accident, two years later both his maternal grandparents passed away. Paul has had to rebuild his life during that period. I wonder whether anybody at Sainsbury’s has ever really taken the time to fully explore this aspect of Paul’s experience?

Paul is an incredibly intelligent and capable person, he is able to function at a very high level, in the past he has been successful at both work and study, however he has specific needs! If these are handled correctly he would be an asset to any employer. This has not happened and this current situation is the worst of all scenarios for Paul. He had a legitimate and evidence based initial complaint, which he brought up in good faith, which was then not addressed. This is a series of events which I understand Sainsbury’s could not deny at a recent review meeting. This has now been turned against him as a disciplinary matter, in recent meetings without due process being followed at a time when he is both vulnerable and unwell. This is consequently making him even more ill and depressed and negatively effecting his family and relationships.

I would therefore ask that as responsible employers, Sainsbury’s review their approach, reconsider any disciplinary procedures, address the original issues raised and develop a better working relationship with Paul.

With thanks

Marc Boucherat (Paul’s father)