h
Hypothetically, If I were to be caught misrepresenting facts, issues and records while blatnely ignoring public health and saftey laws and concerns raised by a liked (at the time) and long term employee with a strong track record , this is exacly what id do to. Its textbook. The issue is reframed, I am labelled as a trouble-maker and their is a (poor) attempt to shift the blame from the managers/company on to me. Another term that we can use for this is gas-lighting.  

In fact its so textbook its cliche.

From my stance, there has been no miscommunication, misrepresentation, misundersstanding. I / we have been very clear. And, increasingly clearer in my choice of words and delivery of those words. Clear as a bell. 
We do not suffer from inarticulation.  
Evidence, photos, communications, floor walks to point out issues. At every step, in every month of the circus, I have been open to any and all willing to listen. I shared all my documentation, photos, metadata, I've provided ideas for small process improvments that are essentailly cost-free, when discussing reoccuring issues, effencies and potential liabilities. 

My store manager and our Regional Saftey Champion, Ryan Allen said to me around Christmas that these "issues are way above my[his] paygrade". 

At the time i found this frustrating and couldn't quite belive what I had heard. Now in August, looking back maybe I understand what he means. 
 
The issues rasied over 12 months+ are not reciving the attention they are required to be given, even though I have made concerns appropriately and escalated to responsible channels at various levels. 

My colleuges and I have been ignored, shamed, punished, gaslit, mismanaged, many including myself have sufferred from ill health both physically and mentally.

I have formally and informally requested that mechanisims be implimented to the shopping process that allows IPH calculations to take in to account the difficulties found at our store. For example washing hands, reporting issues, others taking responsiblity and accountability. 

The several times I was called into the HR room/office and questioned about my targets, performance and my proceedural conduct while shopping (NAG / photos eg). These felt very much like disciplinaries and each one I recived in a similar way. Each starts with the important caveat that "This is not a deisceipliary" but it certainly felt like one or at the very least A preliminary investigation TO A DISCIPLINARY. 

I recently learnt that these interactions are named 'coaching sessions' - maybe because at one point the manager asks what can be done be done to assist with achiving targets. At no point is guidance is given or offered on how to improve, no techniques are discussed, no training and in my case a lack of clarity on why I was being called in given the discussions at the time. I left feeling confused as it wasnt really explained to me what I was doing wrong or incorrectly. 

Once deputy and store managers were clearly looped in I thought the ball would get moving. Even more so given my reasonably positive meeting with Ryan regarding the situation in march 2025. I was incorrect. This eventually, after giving them time to impliment their 'plan', lead to me escalating to the first to the Food Saftey team, and then to what I thoguht to be the appropriate directors. They may not have been, there are so many distributed roles across the corporate structure its a maze to work out who is responsible for anything. 

There isnt even an easily spottable, approachable contact that I can garentee is human. Possibly why we dont seem to have a Human Resources department but instead an employee relations team. Messages that came from ER were or felt automated and came with a 5 or 6 hour time difference. 

Since the closure of my ER Fair Treatment complaint in June/July (which was largely found in my favor) things have only got worse sitting here today in early September. Since the outcome we have essentailly repeated the cycle over again, groundhog day, except this time instead of me raising H&S concerns, disregard for company policy and vitally, UK legislation. 

As shown from the recent pictures, any attempted cleaning done within the last month or so was totally insufficent and unsatisfactory at every single level. Going back to earlier attempts to clean, as can be seen in the evidence previously provided they didnt seem to be 'what good looks like'. 

Its clear that senior steakholderrs and even the senior media relations team are aware of the extent of the issues at our stores. Furthermore, there are media reports, there are local authority reports. Whats worse is that the PR and media relations team for Sainsburys are fully aware of the extent of the issues at Swadlincote specifically, yet still it seems imposssible to get basic food hygine right for our customers and our colleuges.  

This responsibility is is not in my care, custody or control and if its above anyones paygrade, its above mine or ours, yet im the only person that seems to be seriously concerned about the issues and I am determined to see a clean store for our customers in Swadlincote.

This is not fun for me, nor is the something I take lightly. I get no enjoyment from doing this. None. 

I've been blocked in every direction I turn. I've been dragged through processes that lead to no change. None at all.  

Acts of gross misconduct go unnoticed and unchallengee throughout the store management chain of command. The situation is  outragous. Unjustified. Not fun and inherently not fair on me or us as colleuges. 

Acts of gross negligence get over looked leading to a store full of doing the bare minimum of 'what you can get away with' at all levels. 

A pattern of systematic failures is clear for any reasonable person or authority to see. 

Its clear communication and trust has broken down with the store, they are not hearing my concerns, and infact, they no longer even want to hear why I have taken safety actions and would prefer a straight to suspension approach after months of suggested collaboration on my part. 

Given the health issues caused and the disregard for national and company polocies I am no longer willing to listen to their excusses and partiipate in their campaign of allowing the store to be taken over by black mould.

Furthermore its clear fromm our last meeting on 24th Aug that the management at the store are not interested in hearing what I have to say, not that they ever were. 

Even in that meeting its clearly well known but ignored. I showed Amy a picture of some sausage rolls with black mould in prominent positions, the note-taker, Johnathan, laughed / gigllled / nodded and made a comment indicating he knew exactly what and where that images was and that its not new! 

This should never, ever be tolerated and its only when good people stand aside quietly and do nothing, that bad people are able to continuously get away with bad acts omissions. 

If not already, at somepoint the seriousness of the store's inactions and the consquenses that innocent people, victims will have to suffer can and will likely end in tragedy. It will continue to get worse unless serious corporate action is taken, managemnt is removed and changed to people who take their responsibilities and accounabilities seriously. Alternivitly another solution would be to force the issue out of the comapnies hands as we cannot be trusted to fix the issues. 

Everyday that goes past creates an increased chance of something going seriously wrong. 
[ARGUABLE THE RISK CHANCE % INCREASE COULD BE EXPONENTIAL, SPORE GROWTH IS LIKLY EXPONENTAIL. but people shopping their is likly steady and likely buying similar items each week. If the same number of people buy the same number of items each week is their expose / liklihood of getting infected or ill increased at a high rate? ]

[POTENTIAL EXAMPLE FROM KNOWN PEOPLE WHO SHOP HERE] 
A premature and immunocompromised baby, trying their first branded pouch of Ellas food is egarly anticipating her meal. Everyones watching to see her taste Parsnip and Brocoli mush, our hypothetical baby used for effect in this example, picks up the pouch and starts nomming on the side, bottom, top, anything bar the protected nib thats meant to go in to their mouth. Little did all watching know that their food was packaged in and was touching some of these examples;

TOTE PHOTOS

TOTE STOREY SAM PAUL WHO ELSE? STICKERS LABED THE STACK (AGAIN X2)
[EXAMPLE] 
Tampons, pads/ towles, tooth brushes,. bread. fruit juice. crisps, busicts, etc are all straight to consumption/use. The state of the store and the totes are, not viable for even these type of products, let alone ready to eat food such as apples, sausage rolls, juices, yougarts and veggies 
[EXAMPLE FROM ONLINE RESOURCE] 
85 Y.O male who lives within a retired residental community. Eats his regular sausages rolls that have been sitting in and around the following conditions, gets ill and it spreads to residents:

[EXAMPLE BASED OF FAMILY AND FRIENDS CURRENTLY IN SIMILAR SITUATIONS] 
Outpaitents that trust a well known brand to store, keep and deliver thier items safely trust us, trust me, trust you, to do that. WHY? Because first and foremost that is our job, that is my job and that is your job. This patient is also severly compromised due to her 

Now here we are iagain in yet another thinly vield 'non disciplinary' that fools no reasonable person. 

I was raising ongoing, well-documented health and safety concerns that the company had been made aware of multiple times over many months.
If management believes raising those concerns — or seeking cleaning records — is gross misconduct, 
they may wish to clarify their position on employee responsibility under Health & Safety law."

an active display of negligence, a pattern of systemic failures and its clear that 
should never ever be tolerated 

think i want this over with. I want to be in front of someone that can make decisions, view this at least semi objectively from the standard of a reasonable person. I truly cannot see the logic in the move they have made, and i appreciate that most times i should just put it down to incompetence but from reading some documents on the sainsburys intra site regarding 'ER-Advisor' 'My ER Adviser A specialist team that provides Employee Relations advice to Line Managers within Sainsbury's Retail, Bank, Argos, Logistics, Nectar and Store Support Centres on Company policies and any people issues; from performance and absence to disciplinary, appeals and fair treatment complaints. Team Management My ER Adviser  Main things to know Managers can access My ER Adviser following the link below. The online technology is a ‘self-service’ tool providing you with step by step guidance and advice when managing an ER matter and should be the first step in opening up a case or seeking advice and guidance. For complex ER cases we will have a team of dedicated ER Specialists and Executives who provide support. The My ER online, self-serve portal is available 24-7. The online tool is ‘self-service’, providing you with step by step guidance and advice when managing an ER matter and should be the first step in opening up a case or seeking advice and guidance.' i am unsure weather this is a guided journey a non guided journey or any anytime something. i suppose it doesnt matter but it would indicate the level of involvement from ER . I also found their SAR document but we might need to go further as it states only information about me, we will need to look into that at some point. I now assume that the date on the letter is intentional and a formality. Even though she stated that i should have an opportunity to be heard before suspension. She even hinted that someone may be able to do the meeting this friday, in 4days. I dont think thats enough time considering i need to gather evidence and i havnt received the meeting notes from todays note taker.

even if hypothetically on once occsasion i had been rude, or disrespectful in someway to a manager, after over a year of them disrespect me, all our staff our ,customers, suppliers and the law, would it not be justified to an extent? they have been informed of issues and the extent of them . they have retaliated and pushed me, made me feel certain ways and had a direct impact on my health, home life and marraige. everyone has a limit and can only take a certain amount of pushing. Now I have never done anything physical to anyone or shouted / screamed / threatened / got in anyones face. I have been honest , maybe to varying degrees, i havnt told them about every issue and i may have been interested in how long seeing things like the prawns remain for, but it is not my job to clear or clean the shelves, its my job to pick good quality items for customers. sometimes i probably hurt a manager or twos pride or feelings and albeit up to the company to decide what they deem to be acceptable but there is no legal requirement to be nice to someone, there is nothing necessarily wrong with hurting someones feelings or being the cause of someone to be upset (which i deny* and havnt been accused of here) , there are of course limits but when I stick to facts and evidence based claims what could i possibly say that would be gross misconduce or inappropriate? I mean if I am upsetting people when im telling them about recent issues then couldnt that be reframed to me just discolsing more and more H&S violdations in accordancs with PIDA? There i no legal requirement (maybe bar the employment contract) for me or them to like each other or even for either of us to keep the other happy, but there is a legal requirement to sell food, and maintain a supermarket and a workplace in a legal manner. * So what if i literally made someone cry? - well lets explore another hypothetical, if I "upset" a manager just by telling the truth about the store, maybe the implications of what could happen if nothing is done, asked for cleaning records, things like that, if that manager is caused upset from that situation and that conversation , and the repeated nature of these conversations, maybe they feel unequipped or unsupported themselves to be able to do their job, or to be able to escalate their concerns to their managers about H&S? If that upset manager is able to see the store and the pictures then her being upset is not caused by the conversation with me right? The cause of the upset is the FACT that its clear as day the store is in a bad way , a long term member of staff with ligitimate concerns over a prolonged period of time and that she is getting none/not enough/or the wrong sort of support for dealing with this situation. Isnt the cause of the upset the fact that she is ill-prepared to do the job that has been given to her, that could be staffing hours, money, extra cleaning, support form her line manger michael or store manager ryan, or even corporate. that is where i feel slightly bad for amy, trish and rachel, they are walking legal liabilities and tbh most of the low level management at least in our store are very similer. What I can remember right now is that before ryan, certainly the moral was better i think and the store was clean, i guess there was responsibility and accountabilty. now its just do the minimum , just apathy and because of that manager dont check work being done by the staff.

